<!-- markdownlint-disable MD041 -->
<!--
A new scriv changelog fragment.

Uncomment the section that is right (remove the HTML comment wrapper).
-->

### Removed

- `cmomy.randsamp_freq` has been replaced with `cmomy.factory_sampler`

### Added

- `cmomy.factory_sampler` to create a sampler for resample routines.
- `cmomy.IndexSampler` to wrap resample "indices" and "freq" table.

### Changed

- Added `IndexSampler` class to handle resampling. This wraps either resampling
  `indices` or a "frequency" table `freq`, and can produce whichever is not
  provided.
- replace `randsamp_freq` with `factory_sampler` which creates `IndexSampler`
  from parameters or a mapping.
- Removed arguments `freq`, `nrep`, `rng`, `paired` from resampling routines
  (`resample_data`, etc). This was replaced by an arguments `sampler` which can
  be either an `IndexSampler` or a mapping which is passed to `factory_sampler`.
  This means that to call the resampling routines, you'll have to pass a sampler
  or a dict of parameters. While this is a little annoying, it greatly cleans up
  a bunch of parameters that may not be used. For example, the call
  `cmomy.resample_data(data, axis=0, nrep=10, rng=0)` is now
  `cmomy.resampler_data(data, axis=0, sampler={"nrep": 10, "rng": 0})`. Plus,
  you can now pass `indices` with
  `cmomy.resample_data(data, axis=0, sampler={"indices": indices})`
- Removed parameter `on_missing_core_dim` from routines that call
  `xarray.apply_ufunc` behind the scenese. You can still pass this parameter
  using `apply_ufunc_kwargs`. For example,
  `cmomy.reduce_data(data, axis=0, apply_ufunc_kwargs={"on_missing_core_dim": "drop"})`.

<!--
### Deprecated

- A bullet item for the Deprecated category.

-->
<!--
### Fixed

- A bullet item for the Fixed category.

-->
<!--
### Security

- A bullet item for the Security category.

-->
